the slogan of cute circuit is future
fashion now so we're thinking out into
the future you know what what would be
wonderful to have in five years and we
try to make it today so we add some new
technologies and innovation to textiles
and make something special and magical
have been within close this is sort of
like the electronics you know debugging
and assembly discs this obviously is not
a wearable technology but sometimes we
get new technology and we have to have a
board like this to evaluate it and then
later on we can you know integrate it in
something much smaller it can become
part of the garment and when we first
started out people thought we were crazy
and in fact when we would try to
describe the concept of cute circuit the
type of fashion that we were producing
they didn't understand they said how can
technology and clothing be together it
doesn't make any sense well primarily
because there's no there's no metaphor
there's no paradigm for this sort of
thing to in the world we were making
something that was entirely new so it
didn't fit any predetermined category
that they could sort of slot you into
gradually as we started to develop more
and more pieces in the collection they
started to understand ah this is pretty
cool this is really interesting it's an
it's a new approach to fashion and that
it was a long battle but I think we're
starting to win now because people are
getting very excited about the sort of
things we're designing and this one is
one of the latest like a prototype sub
hug shirt and basically the hug shirt is
a t-shirt that lets you send hugs over
distance so you put on the shirt you
give yourself a squeeze and sensors in
these areas on the fabric capture where
you're touching how strong your touching
for how long time all this data goes
bluetooth into your mobile phone and
there is an app that is the harsher tap
that first forms all this data into a
hug message and when your friend
receives the hard message just push
button and all this data goes into their
shirt and their shirt starts to get warm
and vibrate in the same areas that you
touched on your shirt there are lots of
people that wear them and some famous
people yeah we're like you too and Katy
Perry okay so there's a little trigger
here in my breasteses and it's yeah well
so I turned off just now I think she
sort of a became our unofficial
spokeswoman fish it just like which is
she went to a stunning an interview and
she just expanded and I wonderful it is
to have this kind of garment on so she
was just really wonderful I definitely
think wearable technology is it is one
one key piece of the future of fashion
because our lives are entirely digital
now people read books on iPads and they
don't send handwritten letters anymore
but on the other hand we have really
wonderful services like Instagram and
people get your vacation photos this
moment you snap them so I think it's a
digital technology and fashion are going
to be together for a long time
yeah yeah I think I'm the rest of the
fashioning the station